# path-prediction
 B） Actions: RRRRRRUUUULLLDDDDRRRRRUUUULLLDDDDRRRRRUU i) Sue first go to the right 6 times move to （4,1）collect 3 gold coins, and then go up four times and go left 3 times to let the coin back home in (2,5). She receives 3 rewards. After that Sue goes down 4 times to (2,1) and goes right 5 times to (4,1) to collect 3 gold coins. Then go up four times and goes left 3 times to let the coin back home in (2,5). She receives 3 rewards. One more time she backs to the (4,1) and got 3 gold coins, but stops on the way back home. In the last loop, She receives no reward.  ii) The cumulative reward of the policy is 1.004292899    iii)   I think it is, because I use the learning rate 0.8 in Q learning algorithm to support my answer.   c)  Actions: RRRRRRLUUUULLDDRDRRDDDULUULLLDDRDRRDDDUL  i) Sue first go to the right 6 times move to （4,1）collect 3 gold coins, she goes left 1 time and then goes up four times and go left 2 times to let the coin back home in (2,5). She receives 3 rewards. After that Sue goes down 2 times to (2,3) and goes right 1 time to (3,3), then goes down at (3,2), goes right 2 times at (5,2), goes down 3 times, still in (5,2) to collect 3 gold coins. Then she goes up 1 time and left and two more times up and 3 more times left back home in (2,5). She receives 3 rewards. One more time she down 2 times in (2,3) and goes right in (3,3). After that, she goes down in (3,2) and goes right 2 times in (5,2). Lastly, she goes down 3 times and gets 3 gold coins. But she can only back with one up and one left. So in the last loop, She receives no reward.   ii) The cumulative reward of the policy is 1.004292899
